tree: Remove partition manager support (#29751)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

NCSDK-18263: |NCS| samples might fail to boot on Thingy:53
  |NCS| samples and applications that are not listed under :ref:`thingy53_compatible_applications` fail to boot on Nordic Thingy:53.

>   The MCUboot bootloader is not built together with these samples, but the Thingy:53's ``deprecated_ug_pm_static`` requires it (the application image does not start at the beginning of the internal ``FLASH``.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The MCUboot bootloader is not built together with these samples, but the Thingy:53's Static and dynamic configuration requires it (the application image does not start at the beginning of the internal ``FLASH``.)
```

Author: fixed

.. rst-class:: v3-4-0 v3-3-4 v3-3-3 v3-3-2 v3-3-1 v3-3-0 v3-2-5 v3-2-4 v3-2-3 v3-2-2 v3-2-1 v3-2-0 v3-1-1 v3-1-0 v3-0-2 v3-0-1 v3-0-0 v2-9-0-nRF54H20-1 v2-9-3 v2-9-2 v2-9-1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-0

NCSDK-28461: Sysbuild partition manager file changes cannot be propagated to builds unless they are pristine
  When using :ref:`configuration_system_overview_sysbuild` and a ``deprecated_partition_manager`` file, the Partition Manager configuration for things such as MCUboot signing will not be updated if the Partition Manager configuration is changed in an already configured project.

  **Workaround:** Perform a :ref:`pristine build <zephyr:west-building-pristine>` after changing configuration in Partition Manager files.

.. rst-class:: v2-7-0

NCSDK-28451: Sysbuild silently does not use relative path (relative to application config dir) user-specified (PM_STATIC_YML_FILE) static PM files

>   When building an application using :ref:`configuration_system_overview_sysbuild` with a   static partition file ``deprecated_ug_pm_static`` specified using ``PM_STATIC_YML_FILE`` with a relative path, the relative path will be relative to the sysbuild folder in Zephyr, not to the application configuration directory, and the file will silently be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When building an application using :ref:`configuration_system_overview_sysbuild` with a   static partition file specified using ``PM_STATIC_YML_FILE`` with a relative path, the relative path will be relative to the sysbuild folder in Zephyr, not to the application configuration directory, and the file will silently be ignored.
```

Author: fixed
